+++
title = "Rewards for AGI"

date = 2019-08-05T00:00:00
lastmod = 2019-08-05T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Deokgun Park"]

tags = ["agi","research"]
summary = "Extrinsic rewards is for the animal or bug level of intelligence. Intrinsic rewards or curiosity enables efficient navigation in the vast exploration space. Social rewards enable imitation or gated learning which reduces the exploration space.  "

[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

## Contents 
1. Introduce  the role of the rewards in reinforcement learning
	2. Use the example of dog training
	1. Explain the dopamine
	1. Explain the 
2. Introduce an extrinsic rewards 
	3. Classic rewards
	4. Used in reinforcement learning examples
		5. Atari
		6. Alpha Go
		7. World model paper
7. Introduce an intrinsic rewards
	8. Explain the limitation of the extrinsic rewards
		9. Montezuma's revenge
	10. Explain the mechanism of the intrinsic rewards
		1. How the curious or explorative behavior relates to the intrinsic rewards
		2. How to formulate the intrinsic rewards mathematically? 
		3. 
		11. Model-free vs model-based reinforcement learning
		12. Intrinsic rewards examples
			13. Introduce paper by Stanford
			14. World Discovery Model paper
	15. Introduce the limitation of the intrinsic rewards
		16. The search space is too vast for a single agent learn by exploration

			- Example: Radnom permutation of alphabet to generate a meaningful sequenc. 
			- Example: Musical note  

		17. Explain the higher order Markov chains 
16. Introduce the social rewards
	17. Introduce the imprint
	18. Introduce how the baby learns
		19. Learn by imitation
		20. Joint attention
		21. Gated learning 
	22. Theory based mathematically driven algorithm vs quick dirty rule based system
22. Future research direction
	23. Models that take into account the innate mechanisms 
	24. Environments that can test the models with social rewards

Reward plays a key role in the reinforcement learning.  


In this post, I will explain three types of the rewards that can shape the intelligent behavior. 

- **Extrinsic rewards**: A reward triggered by the external entity.
- **Intrinsic rewards**: A reward that can be generated by the agent himself. 
- **Social rewards**: A rewards that can be generated by the social activities 


### Extrinsic rewards

Extrinsic rewards means the positive or negative reward triggered by the external entity. A concrete example is the 
Previously rewards meant mostly extrinsic rewards. 

### Intrinsic rewards


### Social rewards

A search space to generate a meaningful space is very vast and only very few are meaningful. But we can learn from others the meaningful sequence which reduces the search space 

This can be expressed with music note. 

Should we use reward mechanism or reflex mechanism? 

Imprint is an example of reflex mechanism. Because we have the freedom to follow or not, I think reward mechanism makes more sense. 



## References
1. Jones, Susan S. (2012-12-10). "Human Toddlers' Attempts to Match Two Simple Behaviors Provide No Evidence for an Inherited, Dedicated Imitation Mechanism". PLOS ONE. 7 (12): e51326. Bibcode:2012PLoSO...751326J. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0051326. ISSN 1932-6203. PMC 3519587. PMID 23251500
2. Jones, Susan S. (2009-08-27). "The development of imitation in infancy". Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences. 364 (1528): 2325–2335. doi:10.1098/rstb.2009.0045. ISSN 0962-8436. PMC 2865075. PMID 19620104.
3. Rowland, D.C., Yanovich, Y. and Kentros, C.G. (2011). A stable hippocampal representation of a space requires its direct experience. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. 108(35). 14654-14658.  -> An evidence for Gated language
4. CONSPEC and CONLERN: a two-process theory of infant face recognition.
J Morton, MH Johnson - Psychological review, 1991 - psycnet.apa.org
Evidence from newborns leads to the conclusion that infants are born with some information 
about the structure of faces. This structural information, termed CONSPEC, guides the 
preference for facelike patterns found in newborn infants. CONSPEC is contrasted with a   
5. Newborns' preferential tracking of face-like stimuli and its subsequent decline
MH Johnson, S Dziurawiec, H Ellis, J Morton - Cognition, 1991 - Elsevier
Abstract Goren, Sarty, and Wu (1975) claimed that newborn infants will follow a slowly 
moving schematic face stimulus with their head and eyes further than they will folow 
scrambled faces or blank stimuli. Despite the far-reaching theoretical importance of this … 
6. How the brain processes social information: searching for the social brain
TR Insel, RD Fernald - Annu. Rev. Neurosci., 2004 - annualreviews.org
▪ Abstract Because information about gender, kin, and social status are essential for 
reproduction and survival, it seems likely that specialized neural mechanisms have evolved 
to process social information. This review describes recent studies of four aspects of social 
7. Eye contact detection in humans from birth
T Farroni, G Csibra, F Simion… - Proceedings of the …, 2002 - National Acad Sciences
Making eye contact is the most powerful mode of establishing a communicative link between 
humans. During their first year of life, infants learn rapidly that the looking behaviors of 
others conveys significant information. Two experiments were carried out to demonstrate … 

